we are in a shift in the way people
interact with anything digital and this
is our vision um the way we can create
build and train
avatars will change the way we see the
interface between us and
application application and software and
devices even the communication between
human beings and I I found it very very
exciting welcome to 20-minute leaders
just sit back relax and learn from the
leaders of today it's a journey each one
is different unique inspiring let's get
started 20-minute leaders is a proud
supporter of makeawish Israel and Tech
to peace and is in proud collaboration
with secret cord Ventures J Ventures
Riverside FM Fusion VC Birthright Excel
J impact leap Google for startups and
hippo and in media partnership with
[Music]
ctec Tober zuker thank you so much for
joining me on 20 minute leaders thank
you for being here how are you I'm good
thank you for inviting me thank you so
much where are you calling from now um
from uh Israel uh in a city uh near T
Aviv uh yeah so it's uh evening now in
Israel Y and and I'm happy to to to have
the discussion with you today well you
know we're having the discussion at a
very interesting time H because
obviously the world that you're in with
did um you're formally the world you
were in with opat and the other
organizations and the Ws and part and
others you're you've obviously been at
the Forefront of emerging Technologies
emerging categories and the world that
we're entering now that it's been a year
since the coining of the terms
generative AI I guess um you know adad
has been taking part in this categorical
building for a while now but before the
the the conrete terminology H but now
it's really becoming clear you know
digital avatars I believe they say going
to become a $400 billion Market by 2030
H this is going to be certainly a part
of everything that we know and and hear
and understand a lot of the interaction
that we're experiencing right now is
likely to become avatared the fu will H
and so a lot of changes are going to
take place so I'm excited on one hand to
pick your brain on these transformative
changes that are going to take place I'm
also excited though to hear your own
personal journey and I want to just
start with that I want to start with the
fun fact you shared with me H the fact
that you were a private
investigator what's about that's my dark
history uh yeah
so that's a funny story
um to be
honest it was quite you know coincidence
whatever but um I serve it in the IDF
the Israeli defense uh uh Army um as an
officer in the military police so I I've
gain some experience around that um I
didn't see that as my career but as you
know uh young person whatever I got this
interesting offer from one of the
biggest uh private investigation uh
firms uh in the country uh it was quite
far from my dreams um I think it was
before I've started um my um you know
business the studies um uh bachelor
degree um and I was like independent uh
private
investigator and to be honest it was
wild ride I did that for a few years and
I had an opportunity to
meet so many
people um quite different uh one of each
other um so I
could run in investigation in the
morning with uh criminals and in the
evening with uh a general manager of a
bank so um it's almost like being a
chameleon um you had to adjust
yourself um you know to the other side
so um I found myself uh doing a lot of
creative stuff uh in a gray area I don't
want to exp spend more time around that
obviously but um I think you know uh R
red ra respectively I think that was a
great opportunity to learn more about
people um how people act how people
think um how to get the most out of each
of Direction and I definitely see it as
one of the tools I'm using also today as
a marketing manager in the end marketing
is people is uh Behavior is a lot of
psychology and the way you can impact
others to share with you a discrete
information um without any way you can
force them to do that you can find some
you know similarities with what marketer
marketers uh you know do uh where trying
to impact the behavior of the other side
so it was fun but in uh in in in in a
certain point of time I felt that this
this role I like took over myself it was
very intense um you know emotionally uh
I had
very um very unique cases that I had
that to correct and uh I learned you
know business and marketing information
system and in in in in a specific time
uh I decided to leave uh this word
behind me and I'm happy with that too
and the transition to Tech from that
yeah so um I've started my career in uh
a small startup in Tel Aviv um the early
days of the do com bubble if you
remember uh the early 2000 um as a QA
manager uh did some takey old
Professional Services met with clients
whatever I have to say that very soon I
found myself trying to reach out to
customers um the the the intense work uh
with the co code uh was not my favorite
this is not my talent I I prefer to work
with clients um but it was quite u a
great experience working in a you know
uh small startup you know preed and Seed
uh to have this kind of experience of uh
of growth um after this adventure I
switch to the corporate word I spent uh
many years working for Microsoft uh in
sales in Marketing in business
development and channel channel
management I spent few years working for
IBM another big corporate uh started in
marketing then switched back to sales my
my career is like uh like I'm I'm
playing you know I'm dancing Tango
between sales and marketing um my last
role there at for IBM I ran the IBM
security business so a lot of cyber
security and quite interesting then I
was approached by AWS uh Amazon web
services to establish AWS part of
marketing um discipline I was part of a
team that cover EMA I work with a lot of
startups the coolest startups in Israel
help them to grow globally and after
many years working for a big corporation
like 20 years or so I moved back to the
startup word and I'm super super happy
that with that too um I uh served as a c
of uh really interesting um company
cryon um in around the domain of robotic
processing automation
uh RPA uh very interesting um it was
before gen but we talk about Robotics
and automation um and I gain a lot of
experience with that and I see a lot of
equivalent between the words we can
discuss about that and then I move to a
big uh cyber security company opswat
around the a critical infrastructure U
protection um really nice around a team
of 40 something people around the globe
uh marketing very big uh and mature
organization and then I got an approach
from
did and it was a match because I I spent
a lot of time exploring gen way before I
joined did the company and and it was a
perfect match because it it is a passion
for me um as a marketing manager I saw
immediately the huge potential of ni as
a game changer in a lot a lot of
Industries so I started you know started
to write about that and explore that I
also by the way have a podcast uh so the
third U season of my podcast with with a
colleague with with the AL uh we uh dive
into the Gen word in the beginning uh
and one of the people uh we we were
interviewed was Gil the the CEO and the
co-founder of did uh yeah it's small
world incredible okay so let's let's
jump into the world of even before did
specifically it's an organization let's
talk a little bit about the
transformational shift that we're seeing
with
avatars what what is this all about
we're hearing digital avatars all the
time what is happening here yeah so we
um you know um met this term Avatar many
many years ago uh not only in uh you
know science fiction movies uh obviously
the movie Avatar um but as a concept you
know we met that on the
metaverse um you know like people create
their own avatars on social media we met
that and and of course video games and
such such I think the big difference
between the traditional avatars if I can
say to the current Avatar is that the
current Avatar are AI based they are
based on llm large learing models so
they are not like script
avatars um they have they have brain
they have personality they have voice uh
they have skills and this is
exactly um the the the turning point
that we are now uh in the end of 2023 in
the beginning of 2024 we're standing we
are in a shift in the way people
interact with anything digital and this
is our vision um the way we can create
build and brain avatars will change the
way we see the interface between us and
application application and software and
devices even the communication between
human beings and I I found it very very
exciting what are the really biggest
opportunities you think in terms of the
workflow Integrations of avatars that
perhaps are you you know we should
expect to see over the next few years
rolling out I mean where really our
Avatar is going to be in know huge huge
shift that and and also how how do you
think that the consumers will respond to
this from the an average person's
level yeah so first of all
uh the big um analyst firms like Gardner
and Forester has started to review and
explore this Market there is very
interesting report uh from Gardner that
predict that by
avatars that we use will use text to
video generative AI will support 17% of
digital and marketing communication 70%
by 2025 2025 is not far away right it's
very soon so what we see and what I
believe is that during 2024 we will move
from the hype around gen to the more
established and mature Market we have
started to see that where big enterpr
prises have started to explore
genni as a platform and also started to
run pilots and proof of concept using
our
technology um and to find the right fit
between this technology and their own
business needs we see two main domains
maybe three domains that organizations
companies will benefit from AI
avatars one of them and for me I think
it's the number one in terms of the
priority is customer experience okay
think about any kind of interaction you
have with your customers with your
partners um of or VI vice versa you have
some limitation right um currently
um there is a human factor uh between
you and your customers um by using AI
avatars you can train them on the data
set of your
organization you can increase your
availability you can localize those
avatars to speak in various
languages um what we are seeing and
developing is what we call emotion or
sentiment anal analy analytics which
means the avatars will sense you uh they
will analyze the way you interact with
them and they will
adjusts um to this kind kind of
communication so we are not talking
about um like uh plain
chatbots or you know um virtual
assistance we are talking about a a
mixture of the capability of jgpt or
Bard or any kind of you know AI based
jetbot but with a layer of a
face and a voice and a and a gestures
and these kind of additional Dimensions
make the change because as human beings
being we are we prefer to interact with
other human beings this is the way our
mind and brain is wired during the
course of evolution um by creating a
dialogue with a humanlike
figure um you can gain higher level of
trust and Trust lead to confidence and
confidence lead to conversion and
satisfaction
and this is the way that we see the
market and the shift has already started
so customer experience is number one the
second place we see a benefits it sales
and marketing okay think about any kind
of interaction between the
organization and their target audience
okay you can generate a video
personalized videos or personalized
emails in scale okay just to give you
like a um uh an example today we launch
a huge campaign using our own platform
to our own customer base when we
create I cannot say the number but many
many many many um customized Santa Claus
uh we created on the on the studio on
the creative reality Studio D and those
videos are being personalized by using
the names of our uh customers and we are
you know delivering those uh uh videos
through email marketing and such and we
see the difference between plain or
non-personalized video versus personal
video so for me as a VP marketing this
is the way I can create growth this is
the way I can diminish churn or satisfy
and Delight my customers so any kind of
Engagement or touch point between the
organization and its target audience can
be um enriched
and enhanced by using AI avatars so
these are only two
examples incredible okay so you mention
you know this the concept of trust and
and the the beh and you mention that
there's some ways to to increase the
trust and there's different you know
humanization factors that go into the
avatars like the like the sentiment
analysis and the fact that you're able
to actually adapt the behavior of the
Avatar to the person on the other side
how do you think that the general public
will react as more and more of their
interactions will be with avatars and
the context of their own expectations is
that is it going to be you know
initially a whoa this is weird and then
okay they guess this is normal this
makes sense is it immediately going to
be is it going to be a quick transition
could it be a failure of a transition I
mean how how do you see this the next
two three years playing out so um it's
funny you ask that because um a week ago
we launched um new set of products one
of them is called did agents uh and it's
like a trained Avatar AI assistant you
can train uh and you can embed on your
website and uh you you can create a
dialogue with it um but did agents is
only one part of what we called natural
user interface or new in short this is
the evolution
of GUI graphical user interface so we
use the word Evolution when we talked
about the way people um interact with
anything digital and this is exactly how
we see the evolution uh also from uh the
perspective of the user of the human
user as human being we adjust to our
surrounding and the environment we
create you know tools
for thousand and 10,000 of years this is
this is what make us you know as human
beings and I think um because of the
benefits of using jni and AI avatars
people will find their way to The Right
Use cases where AI Avatar bring them
value so I believe in the beginning
maybe the experience will be
OD and that's that's completely
understood right it's a new stuff right
you need to learn that you know think
about the first time people use like
mobile phone right where is the wire
right um it's a change but people are
adaptable this what makes us human
beings our curiosity and our imagination
and creativity and this will not go
anywhere and I give you an example we
talked about a avatars um around
business use
cases but because people are so creative
and we have
some great example around that um around
I would say what we call AI for good
artificial intelligence for good um
there is there is a guy uh named David
he uh located in Hungaria um he cannot
move you know from the neck to bottom is
paralyzed uh for 10 years or so he
created an avatar of his own you know
like photorealistic using photo
realistic image Avatar of himself and
this is the way he interacts with the
with the word he using did platform with
support him uh he wrote a book he has
like a Tik Tok Channel he became like a
a superstar in in Hungaria um and he TS
because we gave him um the possibility
to interact in a 12 120
languages with this environment and
without this
uh application I would say or platform
think about his own limitation um think
about another example people that um you
know have some uh earring disabilities
right think about yourself you you you
are deaf or have this kind of
disabilities and you really love to uh
listen to podcast
right um without the video you cannot
read lips and you cannot hear how you
can benefit for that so you can download
using AI the transcript of the podcast
upload the transcript into did add an
avatar and now you have an avatar you
can read lips you can add subtitles and
such now when the founders you know
created a the platform they didn't think
about these kind of use cases but there
is a need from a human being and there
is a solution that they just did a match
so so I Believe In the End people will
find their own way how to interact with
AI avatars in the way it will be the
best for them so I'm not
worried incredible Tom this is so cool
and uh I think that we're going to look
back in this conversation in two three
years time and say you know what this
was just the beginning yeah this is what
we just started exploring what 2025 May
hold and I think that it's going to
surprise even even the ambition
um gardeners and Foresters I think that
we're going to even surpass what what
any of us expect I think just the the
the massive adoption that we're
experiencing and the excitement Behind
These Technologies is just un
unbelievable and ultimately the way that
it's really leveling the playing field
and allowing giving every person the
ability to interact in the digital
environment so I I completely agree with
that I really want to thank you for the
time thank you so much for sharing with
me your time the journey thank you for
having me had a lot of fun Tom thank you
me too thank you so
[Music]
much